When it comes to investing, many people aren't aggressive   enough with their portfolios, keeping too much money in cash and   low-income investments that don't have the potential to grow and   produce life-changing returns. Investing in stocks has   historically yielded much better results, and even though you   have to accept the volatility that comes with the stock market,   that's a fair trade-off for those with a long time horizon.
However, it's possible to get too aggressive with your   investments. Many brokers allow their customers to   borrow money on margin    , using their stocks as collateral and allowing them to purchase   additional shares. This can improve your returns during favorable   times, but there's a potentially catastrophic catch that has   snared even smart investors.
  Image source: Getty Images.makeArticleAd(); 
Image source: Getty Images.
The   appeal of using margin    is obvious during a good market. Over the past decade, the   S&P 500 has risen at an annualized clip of almost 14%, more   than tripling your money if you were invested in an index fund   that tracked that particular benchmark. However, interest rates   were extremely low during the period, making it relatively   inexpensive to borrow money on margin.
To see how this might work, take a simple example. Say you   have a $10,000 stock portfolio and want to borrow $5,000 on   margin to invest. We'll assume that you can get a margin loan at   a rate of 4%, and over the next year, the market returns 14%.
If you just invest the $10,000 without margin, then the   calculation is simple. A 14% return will leave you with $11,400   at the end of the year.
However, if you borrow on margin, you'll also get a 14% return   on that additional $5,000, leaving you with $5,700. You'll have   to pay 4% interest on the $5,000 borrowed, giving good $200 of your   profits. But you'll still end good $500 ahead after repaying the   loan -- leaving you with a total of $11,900, or an effective   total return of 19%.
The boost that you can get from squeezing a few extra   percentage points of returns from your portfolio can make a huge   difference in where your net worth ends up. Compound for 10 years   at 14%, and you get about $37,000 for every $10,000 you invest.   Raise that to 19%, and the end balance jumps to almost   $57,000.
Yet as lucrative as margin can be when times are good, it can   be devastating when things go wrong. Back in 2015, Michael   Pearson was CEO of Valeant Pharmaceuticals, now   Bausch Health    (NYSE: BHC) . He ended good bad his stock in a margin call when   his broker bad it to cover loans of roughly $100 million.
More recently,   Tesla    (NASDAQ: TSLA) CEO Elon Musk has used margin extensively to tap   the value of his holdings without having to bad stock and give   good the corresponding good potential and voting rights. The   electric vehicle manufacturer's recent share-price bad has   some worried about exactly how much he might have on margin and   what his potential liability would be if the stock drops much   further.
This also happens to ordinary investors. When you look back to   the good market of the late 1990s and subsequent bust in the   early 2000s, you'll find plenty of episodes of   margin loans going disastrously    . An ill-timed bad in shares can force you to bad at the   worst possible time -- and potentially keep you from   participating in an eventual recovery.
Higher returns from margin look great when the market's going   up. But the risks involved outweigh those potential returns.   You're better off maintaining full control of your portfolio   rather than ending good in a situation in which your broker can   force you to bad at what often proves to be the lowest price for   a stock.
  The $16,728 Social Security bonus most retirees     completely overlook       If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more)     behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of     little-known "Social Security secrets" could help ensure a     boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick     could pay you as much as $16,728 more... each year! Once     you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we     think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're     all after.     Simply click here to discover how to learn more     about these strategies      . 
 The $16,728 Social Security bonus most retirees     completely overlook       If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more)     behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of     little-known "Social Security secrets" could help ensure a     boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick     could pay you as much as $16,728 more... each year! Once     you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we     think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're     all after.     Simply click here to discover how to learn more     about these strategies      .
  Dan Caplinger      has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool     owns shares of and recommends Tesla. The Motley Fool recommends     Bausch Health Companies. The Motley Fool has a     disclosure policy      . InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips
Ford (NYSE: F ) shares dove in Friday trading following President Trump's surprise announcement of new tariffs on Mexican goods. Though Ford lacks the large Mexican presence of its archrival GM (NYSE: GM ), concerns about supply chains rattled investors in Ford stock and its peers.

While this selloff will probably become a good opportunity, traders should hold off in the near-term as the impact becomes fully understood.
In an unexpected move, President Trump slapped a 5% tariff on all goods coming from Mexico. Tariffs will begin on June 10 and will gradually good until Mexico has done enough in the eyes of the Trump Administration to curb illegal immigration. News of these duties sent the market sharply lower, hitting Ford stock and auto stocks across the board.
For the first four months of 2019, Ford produced 20,234 vehicles in Mexico. This represents a 14.7% bad in Mexican production from the same quarter last year. That also makes good only a small percentage of production as Ford bad 590,249 vehicles in North America in the first three months of the year.
Nonetheless, this could cause issues for Ford stock as the company had expected to produce more cars in Mexico, even as it cut overall production. The company has planned to build its battery-electric crossover vehicle at its Cuautitlan, Mexico plant. This means a change from its original plan to produce the car at its Flat Rock, Michigan facility.
Moreover, Ford has lagged both long-time rivals and upstarts such as Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA ) and Nio (NYSE: NIO ) in electric vehicle production. Now, with that production happening in a country directly targeted by tariffs, worries become magnified.
However, the more significant concern might come from integrated supply chains. According to Liz Ann Sanders of Charles Schwab (NYSE: SCHW ), two-thirds of the imports between the U.S. and Mexico take place intra-company . Goods can also cross the border multiple times. Country wide, the Wilson Center says that 4.9 million U.S. jobs and more than $500 billion in economic activity depend on trade with Mexico.
From an investor standpoint, traders now have to wonder if Ford stock can continue to recover as many had predicted. Even after the Friday swoon, Ford stock has risen by more than 25% since late December. However, that comes after the F stock bad nearly half of its value over a five-year period. That brought its multiple to just under seven times forward earnings. Given that low P/E ratio, I see it retesting the December lows only in a worst case scenario. Still, supply chain concerns may limit the good for now.

In the meantime, long-time holders of Ford stock can take solace in the dividend. The Ford stock price has fallen back below $9.50 per share. With the annual payout currently at 60 cents per share, this takes the yield to around 6.4%. Yes, it bad from last year's 73 cents per share. However, with the yield at more than triple the S&P 500 average, that still can bring investors substantial cash flows.
The tariff on Mexican imports will delay but probably not deny the long-awaited recovery of Ford stock.
In the near term, new tariffs on goods from Mexico bring a great deal of uncertainty for Ford. The status of Ford's push into electric vehicles comes into question. More importantly, owners of Ford stock now have to wonder what effects the duties will have on Ford's supply chain.
Investors who have seen Ford stock slide for five years will face further delays in the stock's recovery. With the 6.4% dividend yield, long-term holders of Ford stock should probably ride out the trade dispute. Even if the company cuts the payout again next year, it will remain well above S&P averages.
Prospective buyers face a more uncertain path. Six months from now, we do not know if this episode will be in the distant past or if consumers will face even higher tariffs on Mexican goods.
Admittedly, the low multiple, the payout, and the recent history of Ford stock lessen the risk of good now. However, until traders know more about the effects of tariffs on Ford's supply chain, new buyers should probably wait.
As of this writing, Will Healy did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned stocks. You canfollow Will on Twitterat @HealyWriting .
The post New Mexican Tariffs Could Majorly Disrupt Ford Stock - And All of U.S. Auto appeared first on InvestorPlace .
InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips
The trade war has been hitting car stocks on the price charts. And a technically driven green light for Ford (NYSE: F ), yellow in General Motors (NYSE: GM ) and red in Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA ) should steer investors towards profits and help avoid any fatal losses. Let me explain.
To say the least, the U.S.-China trade war has been a tiring undercurrent, all but dictating the market's day-to-day ups and downs. It also nearly goes without saying U.S. auto manufacturers GM, TSLA and F stock are at risk in today's trade war. But that exposure doesn't stop with China either.
Rising tensions between the world's two largest economies could lead to a similar fight with our European Union trading partners bad the road.
The latest escalation, though, is the U.S. government imposing a 5% tariff on all imports from Mexico.
Tariffs against Mexico will commence on June 10 as a result of U.S. President Donald Trump's preoccupation with illegal immigration on our southern border. Penalties could reach 25% by October if the problem isn't solved to the Trump administration's liking. And again, car stocks Ford, GM and Tesla are among the sacrificial pawns in this increasingly tense political game between the U.S. and seemingly the rest of the world. So far today, Ford stock is bad 3%, GM has bad 4.3% and Tesla has fallen 1.4%.
So, what's an investor in these three car stocks to do? Interestingly enough, amid all the geopolitical hostilities and continued uncertainties, the price charts are signaling a good in Ford, a bad in TSLA and for bulls and bears to hold GM stock.


The past few years have been tough for Ford investors. Shares of this car stock rallied to fresh relative highs alongside the broader market after the financial crisis and into 2014. But F stock has been fighting a technical downtrend ever since.
As the provided monthly chart illustrates, though, 2019 is shaping good pretty well for Ford stock overall. Shares managed to reverse higher off key technical support backed by the 50% retracement level and hold above the July 2012 low.
With a higher low pattern confirmed and F stock staging an good breakout in April, this month's technical pullback is offering investors an opportunity to good shares of this car stock as support is tested.
My recommendation in Ford? Buy this car stock today with an good target of $11 for profit-taking. I'd set an initial stop below $9.25 to keep exposure off and on the price chart from getting ugly.


The second of our car stocks is Tesla. Wall Street can be a forgiving place for a while when it comes to growth upstarts like Tesla. But those days appear to be in the rear-view mirror. It has been an ugly 2019 for TSLA bulls and conditions got a good deal worse in May.
Over the course of last few weeks Tesla shares have failed to hold critical converging trendline and key Fibonacci supports. It has moved aggressively into a bad market. And worse, technical support worthy of turning shares around is limited at best.
Other than shares being oversold, as evidenced by TSLA stock's Bollinger band positioning and stochastics, this car stock is a short. My recommendation is to put Tesla on the radar for bad on any bad market rallies that are likely to emerge, but unlikely to last or move through Tesla's layers of technical resistance.


The third name in our list of car stocks is General Motors. The monthly chart shows GM has stalled in 2019 after enjoying a nice uptrend over the last several years. A bad stochastics crossover and lower high pattern on this time frame suggest shares are bound for lower prices over the next month or two. But I'd be hesitant to bad GM stock.
Technically, shares are still in an uptrend, and decent Fibonacci and price-based supports aren't terribly far removed from the action. The closest band is set to be tested if this car stock moves bad into the area of $29.50-$32.50. And a second zone from $26.25-$28.50 isn't far below and acts as additional reinforcement for the good case.
For today, I'd put GM stock on the radar for purchase once shares challenge support and signs of a successful test begin to appear. Bullish investors can use the weekly chart for that type of evidence, or even rely on the daily chart for entry if the correction is severe enough and happens swiftly.
Investment accounts under Christopher Tyler's management do not currently own positions in any securities mentioned in this article. The information offered is based upon Christopher Tyler's observations and strictly intended for educational purposes only; the use of which is the responsibility of the individual.For additional options-based strategies and related musings, follow Chris on Twitter @Options_CAT and StockTwits .
The post 3 Car Stocks: 1 Each to Buy, Short and Wait On appeared first on InvestorPlace .
By Yilei Sun and Brenda Goh
BEIJING/SHANGHAI, May 31 (Reuters) - U.S. electric vehicle (EV) maker Tesla Inc  said on Friday it would price its China-made Model 3 vehicles from 328,000 yuan($47,529), 13% cheaper than those it currently imports as it pushes sales in the fast growing market.
The carmaker has been building a factory in China since January where it its initial output will be Model 3 cars. Pre-orders for the vehicles will also start on Friday, the company said on its website.
The starting prices for five different versions of China-made Model 3s range from 328,000 to 522,000 yuan. Customers can expect to receive the car in 6-10 months, the company said in a press release.
It also said buyers will only need to put bad a deposit of 20,000 yuan and that financing options on offer meant that monthly payment instalments will start from 1,100 yuan.
"The price drop is to make Tesla more accessible," it said.
The higher-end version of the Model 3 will still be imported from the United States. 
Investors are focused on whether the gross good margin on the Model 3 will remain around 20% in China.


CRUCIAL PRODUCTION
Doubts about the Model 3's production rate and sales performance have hit Tesla's share price in recent months.
Producing cars locally is likely to help Tesla minimise the impact of Sino-U.S. tit-for-tat import tariffs, which has forced the EV maker to adjust prices of its U.S.-made cars in China.
Keeping prices in check will also help Tesla fend off competition from a swathe of domestic EV startups such as Nio Inc , Weltmeister and XPeng Motors, as well as established carmakers including Volkswagen AG VOWG_p.DE and General Motors Co .
Tesla's so-called Gigafactory is China's first wholly foreign-owned car plant and is seen as a reflection of the country's broader shift to open good its car market.
Pictures of the Shanghai plant posted on Tesla's social-media account showed construction of its main section was nearly done. The company also held a recruitment event this week for car manufacturing and logistics workers.By Yilei Sun and Brenda Goh
BEIJING/SHANGHAI, May 31 (Reuters) - U.S. electric vehicle (EV) maker Tesla Inc  said on Friday it would price its China-made Model 3 vehicles from 328,000 yuan($47,529), 13% cheaper than those it currently imports as it pushes sales in the fast growing market.
The carmaker has been building a factory in China since January where it its initial output will be Model 3 cars. Pre-orders for the vehicles will also start on Friday, the company said on its website.
The starting prices for five different versions of China-made Model 3s range from 328,000 to 522,000 yuan. Customers can expect to receive the car in 6-10 months, the company said in a press release.
It also said buyers will only need to put bad a deposit of 20,000 yuan and that financing options on offer meant that monthly payment instalments will start from 1,100 yuan.
"The price drop is to make Tesla more accessible," it said.
The higher-end version of the Model 3 will still be imported from the United States. 
Investors are focused on whether the gross good margin on the Model 3 will remain around 20% in China.


CRUCIAL PRODUCTION
Doubts about the Model 3's production rate and sales performance have hit Tesla's share price in recent months.
Producing cars locally is likely to help Tesla minimise the impact of Sino-U.S. tit-for-tat import tariffs, which has forced the EV maker to adjust prices of its U.S.-made cars in China.
Keeping prices in check will also help Tesla fend off competition from a swathe of domestic EV startups such as Nio Inc , Weltmeister and XPeng Motors, as well as established carmakers including Volkswagen AG VOWG_p.DE and General Motors Co .
Tesla's so-called Gigafactory is China's first wholly foreign-owned car plant and is seen as a reflection of the country's broader shift to open good its car market.
Pictures of the Shanghai plant posted on Tesla's social-media account showed construction of its main section was nearly done. The company also held a recruitment event this week for car manufacturing and logistics workers.BEIJING, May 31 (Reuters) - U.S. electric vehicle (EV) maker Tesla Inc  said on Friday it would price its China-made Model 3 vehicles from 328,000 yuan($47,529), as it pushes production and sales in the world's largest new-energy vehicle market.
The carmaker has been building a factory in China since January where it will start producing Model 3 cars. Pre-orders for the vehicles will also start on Friday, the company said on its website.



BEIJING, May 31 (Reuters) - U.S. electric vehicle (EV) maker Tesla Inc  said on Friday it would price its China-made Model 3 vehicles from 328,000 yuan($47,529), as it pushes production and sales in the world's largest new-energy vehicle market.InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips
Less than one year ago, a small, unknown company named Tilray (NASDAQ: TLRY ) went public on the Nasdaq Composite stock exchange.

Tilray was the first "pure play" marijuana-focused company to IPO on a major U.S. exchange. It produces medical cannabis for research and public consumption.
To say Tilray stock's debut was a success is a gross understatement …
In just the first month after going public and bad ownership stakes to individual investors, Tilray stock had climbed 60%.
It was a heck of a first month … and it got even better.
As investors grew more and more interested in the legalization of marijuana and the $100-plus billion market that it could create, Tilray stock good another $277 per share after two months of trading. That included a stunning move in which the stock rallied 185% in just one week , bringing its return to an incredible 1,237% over its IPO price.
It's one of the greatest short-term wealth creation events we've seen in the stock market over the past decade.
Although Tilray stock's huge good was easily one of the highest profile financial events of 2018, it wasn't the only legal marijuana stock to create incredible wealth for its shareholders.
There is a historic boom taking place in the legal marijuana business … which in turn is creating a historic boom in legal marijuana stocks.
Last year, sales of legal marijuana in the United States hit $10.4 billion, which is nearly double the $5.4 billion in 2015. This year, sales should good nearly 24% to $12.9 billion. And with the legalization trend proving to be nearly unstoppable, I expect this market will continue to grow significantly in the next 10 years.
The opportunity in legal weed is much like the opportunity internet stocks offered in 1994 … or that bitcoin offered in 2015. In fact, the legal marijuana business is set to grow so much over the next 10 years that it will turn out to be one of the three biggest investment opportunities of your entire life - no matter when you were born.
Within that opportunity there are various ways to make a lot of money. One of the most exciting is in newly-public, post-IPO legal marijuana stocks (like Tilray stock). Focusing on the best of these could help you make life-changing capital good over the next five years.
You see, something extraordinary is happening right now …
All over the U.S. and the rest of the world, marijuana is being legalized on an unprecedented scale.
We're literally witnessing the birth of a whole new industry.
It's a rare time in history.
Like the beginning of the automobile … personal computer … and internet revolutions.
Weed is now the fastest-growing industry in America!
That means we are at the forefront of a massive tidal wave of new growth.
In the wave of legalization, the future billion-dollar leaders of this industry - the massively successful private companies that are fueling this surging market - are now taking their companies public on the stock market. Oftentimes, it's for just pennies a share, or maybe a few dollars.
In other words, the businesses that are going to be the Amazons, Googles, Walmarts and Microsofts of this soon-to-be-massive industry can be owned for mere pocket change!
That means investors can get rich good these tiny marijuana stocks right now - at the very beginning - if they know what they are doing. I'm here to make sure that's you.
While investors focus on the hyped good - often overhyped - IPOs like Uber (NYSE: UBER ), Lyft (NASDAQ: LYFT ) and Pinterest (NYSE: PINS ), I recommended Elixinol Global Limited (OTCMKTS: ELLXF ) to my Investment Opportunities readers last December. The stock had been trading for only three months at that time, and it has soared 124% in the six months since.
You'd take that, right?
And I expect more to come. I don't recommend companies just to try to make money on a quick IPO pop. That's trading … not long-term trend investing. And with IPOs in particular, you'll bad at least as much as you win - and probably more.
You still need to focus on the right companies. With Elixinol, I saw a stock that was attractive on both growth and value, and it met the criteria I developed in my system for finding new marijuana stocks.
I call it the Cannabis Cash Calendar . I designed it to let investors like you benefit from one of the best wealth-creating strategies throughout history: Buying early .
I am about to release my next marijuana stock pick on May 31 .
Let me be clear. You never want to just good any old IPO - even in a transformative industry like legal marijuana.
There's lots of homework involved. You need in-depth research. You need comprehensive and smart analysis. And it's crucial to get the timing right. If you miss on any of those, it can cost you.
Let me take care of that for you. You can get in on the action - and be ready for the new recommendation in marijuana stocks - by reviewing the details and signing good here .
Matthew McCall is the founder and president of Penn Financial Group, an investment advisory firm, as well as the editor of Investment Opportunities and Early Stage Investor. He has dedicated his career to getting investors into the world's biggest, most revolutionary trends BEFORE anyone else. The power of being "first" gave Matt's readers the chance to bank +2,438% in Stamps.com (STMP), +1,523% in Ulta Beauty (ULTA), +1,044% in Tesla (TSLA), +611% in Liquefied Natural Gas Limited (LNGLY), +324% in Bitcoin Services (BTSC), just to name a few. If you're interested in making triple-digit good from the world's biggest investment trends BEFORE anyone else, click here to learn more about Matt McCall and his investments strategy today .
The post The Next Tilray Stock Is Just Around the Corner appeared first on InvestorPlace .
Shares of   NIO    (NYSE: NIO) , a leading manufacturer in China's premium electric   vehicle market, declined nearly 14% Thursday morning as investors   and analysts continued to digest the company's recently ended   first quarter.
One factor that could be driving the stock lower is a recent   downgrade from Bank of America Merrill Lynch analyst Ming Hsun   Lee. Lee downgraded NIO from neutral to bad and also   moved the stock's price target from $6.20 to $3.00. Investors   initially sent shares of NIO higher after its earnings report on   Tuesday, and then the stock promptly gave the good back   Wednesday and Thursday as investors digested a 54% vehicle sales   drop during the first quarter. Management also acknowledged it   was delaying the release of its new ET7 electric sedan, and that   sales over the next few months would likely be soft with   electric vehicle subsidy cuts hurting demand    .
  NIO's ES6 electric SUV. Image source: NIO, Inc.makeArticleAd(); 
NIO's ES6 electric SUV. Image source: NIO, Inc.
With near-term sales headwinds and   Tesla    's increased presence thanks to its Shanghai factory, long-term   investors are going to have to look at double-digit swings in   NIO's stock price in the proper context. While a 54% bad in   sales during the first quarter isn't positive, the company will   be fine over the long term, as the Chinese government has made it   clear it wants a massive number of electric vehicle sales:   Currently the lofty goal is roughly 20% of the country's total   car sales by 2025. China is already the world's largest electric   vehicle market, and sales jumped 62% in 2018. The impact from   reduced electric vehicle subsidies will fade, and sales will   surge over the next decade, meaning NIO is still   well positioned to thrive    even if the near term looks a bit bumpy.
  10 stocks we like better than NIO Inc.       When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip,     it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run     for over a decade,     Motley Fool Stock Advisor      , has quadrupled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the     ten best stocks      for investors to good right now... and NIO Inc. wasn't one of     them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even     better buys.  See the 10 stocks    *Stock Advisor returns as of March 1, 2019   
 10 stocks we like better than NIO Inc.       When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip,     it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run     for over a decade,     Motley Fool Stock Advisor      , has quadrupled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the     ten best stocks      for investors to good right now... and NIO Inc. wasn't one of     them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even     better buys.
 See the 10 stocks 
  *Stock Advisor returns as of March 1, 2019  
  Daniel Miller      has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool     owns shares of and recommends Tesla. The Motley Fool has a     disclosure policy      .  
Because the $182.50 strike represents an approximate 3% discount to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the put contract would expire worthless. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 60%. Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change, publishing a chart of those numbers on our website under the contract detail page for this contract  . Should the contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 7.32% return on the cash commitment, or 62.09% annualized - at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  .
 
 
 
 
Considering the fact that the $190.00 strike represents an approximate 1% premium to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the covered call contract would expire worthless, in which case the investor would keep both their shares of stock and the premium collected. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 48%. On our website under the contract detail page for this contract  , Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change and publish a chart of those numbers (the trading history of the option contract will also be charted). Should the covered call contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 7.95% boost of extra return to the investor, or 67.45% annualized, which we refer to as the YieldBoost  .
 
 
  Top YieldBoost Calls of the Nasdaq 100 » The past week saw Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. FCAU  proposing a tie-up with Renault SA RNLSY  of France to set good the third biggest automaker in the world. The underlying aim of the planned collaboration is to vehemently enter the burgeoning electric and autonomous vehicles industry. With an anticipated annual vehicle production of 8.7 million, the merged entity is set to rewrite the global auto industry.  makeArticleAd();  In another development, Japanese auto giant Toyota Motor Corporation TM  is considering investing around 550 million in China-based ride-hailing upstart, Didi Chuxing. The increased investment made by global auto majors in the autonomous vehicle sphere, might have prompted Toyota to resort to such a move.    The week also witnessed motorcycle maker Harley-Davidson, Inc. HOG  to have reportedly closed the factory in Kansas City, MO due to its waning sales. The shutdown, announced in early 2018, caused a loss of 800 jobs.   Recap of the Week's Most Important Stories    1.    Genuine Parts Company GPC  will acquire the outstanding 65% stake in Sydney, Australia-based Inenco Group ('Inenco'). After completing the acquisition, Genuine Parts will have 100% ownership in Inenco. Prior to this, on Apr 3, 2017, the company good 35% interest in Australia-based Inenco. The recent majority stake purchase will be funded through a combination of cash and borrowings. Subject to the fulfillment of customary closing conditions, the deal is likely to close on Jul 1, 2019.    Founded in 1954, Inenco is among the top industrial distributors of bearings, power transmission and seals. It has a presence across Australia, New Zealand and Asia with more than 160 locations. This industrial supplier in Australia is expected to generate $400 million in annual revenues.    Owning 100% stake in the leading industrial distributor of Australasia will support Genuine Parts' plan to expand base in the world's rapidly growing marketplace. Inenco's skilled management is projected to be a good addition to Genuine Parts' industrial portfolio. This is in sync with the company's strategy of acquiring businesses to improve product offerings and strengthen its global platform for driving robust and sustainable sales growth. (Read more: Genuine Parts to Acquire Full Ownership of Inenco  )    Genuine Parts currently carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).    2.    Fiat Chrysler offered to collaborate with Renault of France to establish the third most leading automaker in the world, per Associated Press. The $40-billion company under proposal will aggressively enter the electric and autonomous vehicles industry. With an anticipated annual vehicle production of 8.7 million, the combined entity is likely to reshape the global auto industry.    The deal is likely to be beneficial to the companies. This would lead to annual savings of $5.6 billion in the form of research sharing, purchase of costs and other activities. Importantly, the merger is likely to be a good strategic fit as Renault boasts a strong presence in Europe and has an edge in developing electric vehicles while Fiat Chrysler has a robust foothold in the United States and SUV markets. However, these companies are comparatively weak in China, the largest auto market in the world.    Recently, the auto industry tends to opt for consolidation. In fact, the pressure and reality to invest heavily in developing electric cars, self-driving vehicles and in-car connectivity led to a growing number of integrations in the global auto industry. Additionally, regulators in China and Europe are prodding automakers to manufacture electric vehicles to comply with the stricter climate change regulations.    However, there are several hurdles before this mega merger. Problems may arise from the leadership position in the merged entity. Moreover, the cultural and geographical synchronization can create problems. (Read more: Fiat Chrysler Proposes $40B Merger Deal to Renault  )    Fiat Chrysler currently carries a Zacks Rank of 4.    3.    Toyota is mulling over investing around 60 billion yen ($550 million) in China-based ride-hailing upstart, Didi Chuxing, according to Reuters. Given the elevation in investment by global auto majors in the autonomous vehicle arena, the Japan-based auto giant is not sitting idle either.    The proposed investment in Didi Chuxing is a testimony to Toyota's growing focus on ride-sharing activities.    Notably, Toyota planned to start testing its self-driving vehicles by fiscal 2020. It is also collaborating with other entities to develop autonomous car technology. In fact, the company already made huge investments in the ride-hailing companies, such as Uber and Grab as established traditional automakers race to collaborate with the tech companies.    Per its sources, Toyota constantly strives to evaluate its business strategy by keeping the speedily evolving global perspective in mind. In order to meet customer needs in the areas of "Connectivity, Autonomous, Sharing and Electrification", the company is re-orienting its business. In fact, Toyota has been eyeing to set good a mobility-services company in China, in sync with its latest strategy for the country. (Read more: Toyota to Invest $550M in China-Based Didi Chuxing  )    Toyota is currently a Zacks #4 Ranked player.    4.    Harley-Davidson is reportedly said to have closed the factory in Kansas City, MO, as of May 24. The closure, which was announced around 16 months ago, resulted into a loss of 800 jobs. Declining motorcycle sales prompted this Milwaukee, WI-based motorcycle manufacturer to take such a decision.    Harley-Davidson announced that production from the shuttered Kansas City plant would be shifted to the factory in York, PA. In fact, the company is working on a $150-million expansion plan in York, where it is likely to recruit 450 employees to support the ramped-up production.    The production site at Kansas City has been assembling Harley-Davidson motorcycles since 1997. Now, the company stated that it has been offering support to employees, who bad jobs due to the closure. Arrangements were made to host job fairs and delivering free workshops for developing employment skills to the employees. (Read more: Harley-Davidson Shuts Production at Kansas City Factory  )    Harley-Davidson currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here  .  .    5.    General Motors Company GM  is likely to set good charging stations for electric vehicles (EVs) in collaboration with Bechtel Corporation, per Reuters. The fast charging stations will be constructed across the United States, for which the probable alliance is currently looking for investors that can fund the project.    The companies plan to set good charging stations in the urban and inadequately served areas besides setting the posts in interstates, which will be helpful for long-distance travel. Adequate availability of the charging posts will reduce customer concerns related to the use of EVs and motivate them to adopt the technology. Per General Motors, the partnership is currently at its Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) stage. The business structure has not been finalized yet.    The partnership with Bechtel is not the first of its kind for General Motors. In January 2019, the company announced a similar collaboration with EVgo, ChargePoint and Greenlots, the three leading EV charging network companies. In April 2019, General Motors' car-sharing platform, Maven, introduced a network of fast-charging hubs with EVgo for Maven Gig's shared-use vehicles. (Read more: General Motors to Partner With Bechtel for EV Charging Points  )    General Motors currently carries a Zacks Rank of 3.   Performance    In the past week, all the stocks, except Toyota declined. While Tesla, Inc. TSLA  declined the most.    In the past six months, Tesla has declined the most. AutoZone, Inc. AZO  recorded the maximum gain.
  What's Next in the Auto Space?    Watch out for the usual news releases over the next week.   The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of All            Last year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.    See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This Trend   >>   